The Project Gutenberg eBook of The American National Red Cross Bulletin,
Vol. I, No. 1, January, 1906, by The American National Red Cross

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: The American National Red Cross Bulletin, Vol. I, No. 1,
       January, 1906

Author: The American National Red Cross

Release Date: September 20, 2021 [eBook #66353]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

Produced by: hekula03, Barry Abrahamsen, and the Online Distributed
             Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This book was
             produced from images made available by the HathiTrust Digital
             Library.)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE AMERICAN NATIONAL RED CROSS
BULLETIN, VOL. I, NO. 1, JANUARY, 1906 ***




        The American National Red Cross Bulletin (Vol. I, No. 1)




------------------------------------------------------------------------




                              The American

                           National Red Cross



                Chartered by Congress, January 5th, 1905

                                   +

                             Bulletin No. 1


             Issued by the Central Committee, January, 1906



                       Office of the Corporation
                      Room 826, Colorado Building
                           Washington, D. C.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                PREFACE.


In publishing the first Bulletin of the American National Red Cross the
Central Committee takes pleasure in being able to make manifest not only
an evidence of the work of the Committee during the short period of the
existence of the Corporation, but also the evident interest in the work
by the community at large, as shown by the organization of branch
societies in the District of Columbia, the Philippine Islands and in
sixteen States.

The people of the United States are gradually awakening to the
realization of the fact that while we have taken our place as a world
power politically and commercially, we are far behind other nations in
this great work of philanthropy. It is the object of the American
National Red Cross, under its new charter, and under supervision of the
National Government, to demonstrate the existence of humanitarian as
well as commercial interests in the people of the United States, and the
Central Committee appeals to them not only to use their personal
influence to enlarge the membership of the branches already formed, but
to assist the Committee in organizing branches in States and Territories
where none now exist.

The Committee would be pleased to receive communications referring to
more complete organization from those interested in the work of the
Corporation, and especially from persons in the States and Territories
where branch societies have not yet been formed.

The enclosed report is the official report of the Corporation to
Congress as required by the charter, and the expense of printing by the
Government Printing Office the copies issued with this Bulletin is borne
by the American National Red Cross.

          W. K. VAN REYPEN,

               Chairman of Central Committee.




------------------------------------------------------------------------




                      APPLICATION FOR MEMBERSHIP.


Persons desiring to become members of the American National Red Cross
should fill out, as indicated, the blank forms on last page of this
bulletin, and mail to the Secretary of the Branch Society in the State
where they reside, whose address is given below.

Persons residing in States or Territories where no Branch Societies have
as yet been formed should send their applications to the Secretary of
the American National Red Cross, Room 826, Colorado Building,
Washington, D. C. These applications will be given prompt consideration
as soon as such Branch Societies are organized.

    Life membership dues, $25.00.
    Annual membership dues,  1.00.


       ---------------------------------------------------------


CALIFORNIA BRANCH: Mrs. Thurlow McMullin, 2200 California Street, San
     Francisco, Cal.

CONNECTICUT BRANCH: Mrs. Sara T. Kinney, P. O. Box 726, New Haven, Conn.

DELAWARE BRANCH: Miss Emily P. Bissell, 1404 Franklin Street,
     Wilmington, Del.

DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BRANCH: Mr. Gist Blair, Corcoran Building,
     Washington, D.C.

GEORGIA BRANCH: Miss Anne Vane Jones, 224 Henry Street, Savannah, Ga.

ILLINOIS BRANCH: Mr. Honoré Palmer, 1300 First National Bank Building,
     Chicago, Ill.

INDIANA BRANCH: Mrs. W. A. Woods, Clayport Hotel, Indianapolis, Ind.

MAINE BRANCH: Mrs. Frank H. Briggs, Auburn, Me.

MARYLAND BRANCH: Mr. George Norbury Mackenzie, 27 Builders’ Exchange
     Building, Baltimore, Md.

MASSACHUSETTS BRANCH: Miss Katherine P. Loring, Prides Crossing, Mass.

MICHIGAN BRANCH: Mr. Charles Moore, 705 Union Trust Building, Detroit,
     Mich.

NEW YORK STATE BRANCH: Mrs. Wm. K. Draper, Bristol Building, 500 Fifth
     Avenue, New York, N.Y.

OHIO BRANCH: Dr. John Hewitt, Cumberland Building, Columbus, Ohio.

PHILIPPINE BRANCH: Mrs. George A. Main, Manila, P. I.

RHODE ISLAND BRANCH: Prof. George Grafton Wilson, 15 Westminster Street,
     Providence, R. I.

SOUTH CAROLINA BRANCH: Mr. George Hoyt Smith, Charleston, S.C.

VERMONT BRANCH: Mr. Charles S. Forbes, S. Albans, Vt.

WYOMING BRANCH: Miss Winifred W. Woods, Cheyenne, Wyo.




------------------------------------------------------------------------




     59TH CONGRESS, │  HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.   │   DOCUMENT
     _1st Session_. │                              │   NO. 383.
     ═══════════════╧══════════════════════════════╧═══════════════




                    THE AMERICAN NATIONAL RED CROSS.

                               ──────────

                                +LETTER+

                                  FROM

                        +THE SECRETARY OF WAR+,

                              TRANSMITTING

  =THE REPORT OF THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE AMERICAN NATIONAL RED CROSS.=


   JANUARY 17, 1906.—Referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and
                         ordered to be printed.
                               ──────────

                                                         WAR DEPARTMENT,
                                         _Washington, January 15, 1906_.

SIR: Pursuant to the provisions of an act of Congress approved January
5, 1905, entitled “An act to incorporate the American National Red
Cross,” and providing that the report of its proceedings shall be duly
received and audited by the War Department, I have the honor to transmit
herewith copy of report of the proceedings of the American National Red
Cross for the part of the year 1905 during which the corporation has
been in existence, and to state that the receipts and expenditures as
shown therein have been audited and found correct.

     Very respectfully,

               WM. H. TAFT, _Secretary of War_.

THE SPEAKER OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.

                                -------

                                        THE AMERICAN NATIONAL RED CROSS,
                                   _Washington, D. C., January 1, 1906_.

SIR: In accordance with the act of Congress entitled “An act to
incorporate the American National Red Cross,” approved January 5, 1905,
I have the honor to make the following report of the proceedings of the
American National Red Cross for the part of the year 1905 during which
the corporation has been in existence.

By virtue of the act above referred to the American National Red Cross
was incorporated, succeeding to all the rights and property which had
been hitherto held and to all the duties which had been hitherto
performed by the American National Red Cross as a corporation duly
incorporated by act of Congress, June 6, 1900, which act was repealed
and the organization created thereby dissolved.

The President of the United States appointed William K. Van Reypen
chairman of the central committee, and Francis B. Loomis, Charles Hallam
Keep, George B. Davis, Louis A. Pradt, John C. Boyd, Mabel T. Boardman,
Cleveland H. Dodge, Samuel Mather, H. Kirke Porter, John Sharp Williams,
and Frederick H. Gillett members.

The first meeting of the board of incorporators was held in the
diplomatic room of the Department of State on February 8, 1905, and the
following-named officers of the corporation were elected: President of
the board of incorporators, William H. Taft; treasurer, Charles Hallam
Keep; counselor, Louis A. Pradt; secretary, Charles L. Magee. As members
of the central committee, Redfield Proctor, William Alden Smith, Walter
Wyman, James R. Garfield, Hilary A. Herbert, and George H. Shields.

The treasurer subsequently appointed as assistant treasurer Henry H.
Flather, assistant cashier of the Riggs National Bank.

The central committee elected as an executive committee Francis B.
Loomis, George B. Davis, Louis A. Pradt, John C. Boyd, Hilary A.
Herbert, James R. Garfield, and Miss Mabel T. Boardman.

This committee immediately commenced the work of organizing State and
Territorial branch societies, as directed by section 5 of the charter,
and adopted regulations for their organization and government.

It was considered advisable to have all members of the corporation
affiliated with the branch societies in the States where they reside, in
order that they might have a local as well as a general interest in Red
Cross work, and that State organizations could take immediate charge of
any work in their States, under the authority of the central committee,
which committee would take control in case the work assumed proportions
beyond the resources of the State branch.

By personal request and correspondence the committee endeavored to
obtain the names of representative men and women in the various States
and Territories who would be interested in the work of organization,
and, after obtaining them, addressed to them requests to act as
organizers of branch societies. The committee has been gratified to note
the general interest manifested in the work, although in some of the
States a sufficient number of affirmative responses were not received to
warrant the commencement of the organization. Requests to others have
been sent and the committee is proceeding with its work with all
possible expedition. It is earnestly desired that members of the board
of incorporators from the States and Territories in which branch
societies have not yet been organized will, as soon as practicable, send
to the central committee the names and addresses of representative men
and women in their States or Territories who they think would be
interested in the organization of branch societies.

During the past year branch societies have been organized in the
District of Columbia, the Philippine Islands, and the following-named
States: California, Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana,
Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New York, Ohio, Rhode Island,
South Carolina, Vermont, and Wyoming.


------------------------------------------------------------------------


The data contained in the following table was obtained from reports
recently received from the various State branches, and shows
approximately the present membership of the American National Red Cross:

    ──────────────────┬────────┬────────┬────────┬────────┬────────
                      │        │        │ Total  │        │
       Location of    │  Life  │ Annual │ member │Doctors │ Nurses
         branch.      │members.│members.│ ship.  │enrolled.│enrolled.
    ──────────────────┼────────┼────────┼────────┼────────┬┴───────
    California        │      10│     120│     130│        │
    Connecticut       │      47│     279│     326│       1│
    Delaware          │        │     130│     130│        │
    District of       │      59│     306│     365│       1│      18
    Columbia          │        │        │        │        │
    Georgia           │       1│     100│     101│        │
    Illinois          │      16│     136│     152│        │
    Indiana           │       2│      77│      79│        │
    Maine             │       1│     100│     101│        │
    Maryland          │       8│     193│     201│        │
    Massachusetts     │      13│     317│     330│        │
    Michigan          │       3│     100│     103│        │
    New York          │     159│     508│     667│        │      11
    Ohio              │      24│     230│     254│        │
    Philippine Islands│        │        │        │        │
    Rhode Island      │      86│      92│     178│      28│      21
    South Carolina    │        │     170│     170│        │
    Vermont           │        │      50│      50│        │
    Wyoming           │        │        │        │        │
    ──────────────────┼────────┼────────┼────────┼────────┼────────
    Total             │     429│   2,908│   3,337│      30│      50
    ──────────────────┴────────┴────────┴────────┴────────┴────────

NOTE.—No reports of membership have been received from the Philippine or
Wyoming branch societies.


A roster of the officers of the various branch societies follows:

    _California_ (_San Francisco_).—President, Judge W. W. Morrow;
    vice-president, Mrs. John F. Merrill; treasurer, Hon. Horace
    Davis; secretary (recording), Mrs. Thurlow McMullin; secretary
    (corresponding), Mrs. John Bakewell; chairman of executive
    committee, Mrs. W. S. Harrington.

    _Connecticut_ (_New Haven_).—President, Hon. W. W. Farnam;
    vice-presidents, Mrs. Frank W. Cheney, Hon. Charles F. Brooker,
    Hon. F. B. Brandegee, Miss Annie B. Jennings, Hon. Edwin Milner,
    Hon. H. H. Bridgman, Mr. Charles E. Jackson, Hon. Francis T.
    Maxwell; treasurer, Mr. Thomas Hooker; secretary, Mrs. Sara T.
    Kinney; chairman of executive committee, Hon. Henry Roberts.

    _Delaware_ (_Wilmington_).—President, Gen. Charles Bird, U. S.
    Army; vice-presidents, Rev. Leighton Coleman, Dr. James A.
    Draper, Hon. Charles A. Whiley, Hon. Henry M. Ridgeley, Hon. Ebe
    W. Tunnell; treasurer, Mr. Henry M. Canby; secretary, Miss Emily
    P. Bissell; chairman of executive committee, Samuel Bancroft,
    jr.

    _District of Columbia_ (_Washington_).—President, John B.
    Henderson, jr.; vice-president, Mr. Blair Lee; treasurer, Mr.
    Thomas R. Jones; secretary, Mr. Gist Blair; chairman of
    executive committee, John B. Henderson, jr.

    _Georgia_ (_Savannah_).—President, Mrs. W. W. Gordon;
    vice-president, Mrs. T. M. Cunningham; treasurer, Mrs. John M.
    Bryan; secretary, Miss Anne Vane Jones.

    _Illinois_ (_Chicago_).—President, Governor Charles S. Deneen;
    vice-presidents, Archbishop James Edward Quigley, Judge Lambert
    Tree, Robert T. Lincoln, Rev. Dr. Frank W. Gunsaulus, Judge T.
    Otis Humphrey, President Edmund J. James, Dr. E. G. Hirsch;
    treasurer, Orson Smith; secretary, Honoré Palmer; chairman of
    executive committee, Dr. L. L. McArthur.

    _Indiana_ (_Indianapolis_).—President, Hon. Noble C. Butler;
    vice-president, W. L. Bryan; treasurer, George T. Porter;
    secretary, Mrs. W. A. Woods; chairman of executive committee,
    Governor J. Frank Hanly.

    _Maine_ (_address of secretary, Auburn_).—President, Mrs. Eugene
    Hale; vice-president, Mrs. Frederic E. Boothby; treasurer, Mr.
    Frederic E. Boothby; secretary, Mrs. Frank H. Briggs; chairman
    of executive committee, Gen. Joshua L. Chamberlain; chairman of
    emergency committee, Governor William T. Cobb.

    _Maryland_ (_Baltimore_).—President, Governor Edwin Warfield;
    vice-presidents, His Eminence Cardinal Gibbons, Hon. Thomas J.
    Morris, Judge Henry Stockbridge, Daniel C. Gilman, LL. D.;
    treasurer, Eugene Levering; secretary, George Norbury Mackenzie;
    chairman of executive committee, Bernard N. Baker.

    _Massachusetts_ (_address of secretary, Prides
    Crossing_).—President, Dr. E. H. Bradford; vice-presidents, Dr.
    Herbert L. Burrell, Dr. Arthur T. Cabot, Mr. Richard H. Dana,
    Mr. Henry Parkman; treasurer, Mr. Gardiner M. Lane; secretary,
    Miss Katherine P. Loring; chairman of executive committee, Dr.
    H. P. Walcott.

    _Michigan_ (_Detroit_).—President, Hugh McMillan;
    vice-president, Truman H. Newberry; treasurer, Emory W. Clark;
    secretary, Charles Moore; chairman of executive committee, Dr.
    C. G. Jennings.

    _New York_ (_New York City_).—President, Col. William Cary
    Sanger; vice-president, Hon. Elihu Root; treasurer, Jacob H.
    Schiff; secretary, Mrs. Wm. K. Draper; chairman of executive
    committee, Cleveland H. Dodge.

    _Ohio_ (_Columbus_).—President, Governor M. T. Herrick;
    vice-president, Judge C. O. Hunter; treasurer, Edwin R. Sharp;
    secretary, Rev. Dr. John Hewitt; chairman of executive
    committee, Governor Herrick.

    _Philippines_ (_Manila_).—President, Governor-General Wright;
    vice-president, Chief Justice Arellano; treasurer, Captain
    Palmer; secretary, Mrs. George A. Main; chairman of executive
    committee, Dr. R. P. Strong.

    _Rhode Island_ (_Providence_).—President, John C. Pegram;
    vice-president, Rt. Rev. W. N. McVickar, D. D.; treasurer,
    Edward Aborn Greene; secretary, Prof. George Grafton Wilson;
    chairman of executive committee, John M. Peters, M. D.

    _South Carolina_ (_Charleston_).—President, Hon. A. C. Kaufman;
    vice-president, Rev. Robert P. Pell, Litt. D.; treasurer, John
    Kuker; secretary, George Hoyt Smith; chairman of executive
    committee, Hon. George Lamb Buist.

    _Vermont_ (_address of secretary, St. Albans_).—President, Henry
    D. Holton, M. D.; vice-president, Urban A. Woodbury; treasurer,
    Clayton L. Alexander; secretary, Charles S. Forbes; chairman of
    executive committee, Franklin S. Billings.

    _Wyoming_ (_address of secretary, Cheyenne_).—President, Mrs. B.
    B. Brooks; vice-president, Mrs. B. F. Perkins; treasurer, Dr.
    Amos W. Barber; secretary, Miss Winifred W. Woods.

The present corporation received from the old corporation, which ceased
to exist by virtue of the act approved January 5, 1905, a quantity of
miscellaneous literature and incomplete records which have been of very
little value; also a few articles of furniture. The treasurer received
the sum of $291.89 and a notice of indebtedness of $1,250, contracted to
pay a claim of Francis Atwater for printing and postage for the old
corporation. This indebtedness has since been paid from the proceeds of
the sale of lots 14, 15, 16, and 17, block 25, Kalorama Heights. These
lots were the property of the American National Red Cross, and were sold
on January 11, 1904, by the then president of the American National Red
Cross, to Cogan Bros. & Forschner for the sum of $16,500. Monthly
payments of the purchase money were to be made according to the quantity
of stone removed from the property, with a minimum monthly payment of
$200. Five thousand and seventy-five dollars had been paid before
transfer to the present corporation. Four thousand three hundred and
twelve dollars has since been paid, leaving a balance due of $7,113.

The trusteeship of the property that was formerly held by Charles A.
Baker and S. W. Briggs has been transferred and is now held by Charles
Hallam Keep and James C. McReynolds.

The corporation has now no outstanding debts, but a suit has been
brought against it by Hugh Ross in the superior court of Santa Barbara,
Cal., for the sum of $990 for alleged services rendered and material
supplied the old corporation at Manila in 1900. The suit is being
defended by the counselor of the corporation.

A tender of service was made to the Surgeon-General of the Public Health
and Marine-Hospital Service during the late epidemic of yellow fever in
Louisiana, and the committee was informed that the work was well in hand
and there was no immediate necessity for additional aid, but if at any
time assistance was needed the committee would be notified. The work was
so effectually done by the Public Health and Marine-Hospital Service
that aid from the Red Cross was never required.

In response to a request for aid from the Philippine branch of the Red
Cross for the sufferers from a typhoon, a contribution of $500 was made
by cable transfer from the emergency fund of the corporation.

All money received from life membership dues is deposited to the credit
of the endowment fund, the interest alone of which can be used, if
necessary, in emergency work. All of the officers of the corporation,
except the secretary and assistant treasurer, render gratuitous service.
The secretary receives $100 a month and the assistant treasurer $250 a
year. The office rent is $20 a month. These, with the necessary outlay
for stationery, printing, and postage, comprise the whole of the current
expenses of the corporation.

At the first annual meeting of the corporation, held at Washington,
December 5, 1905, the following officers were elected:

  President, Hon. William H. Taft.
  Treasurer, Hon. Charles Hallam Keep.
  Counselor, Hon. James C. McReynolds.
  Secretary, Charles L. Magee.

The following-named persons were appointed or elected members of the
central committee:

    _Appointed by the President of the United States._—William K.
    Van Reypen, Surgeon-General U. S. Navy, retired, chairman. To
    represent the Departments: Hon. Robert Bacon, First Assistant
    Secretary of State; Hon. Charles Hallam Keep, Assistant
    Secretary of the Treasury; Brig. Gen. Robert M. O’Reilly,
    Surgeon-General U. S. Army; Hon. James C. McReynolds, Assistant
    Attorney-General; Medical Director John C. Boyd, U. S. Navy.

    _Elected by the board of incorporators._—Judge W. W. Morrow,
    Samuel Mather, Miss Mabel T. Boardman, Hon. James R. Garfield,
    James Tanner, Surgeon-General Walter Wyman, U. S. Public Health
    and Marine-Hospital Service.

    _Elected by the delegates from State branches._—Hon. A. C.
    Kaufman, Charles G. Washburn, John C. Pegram, Gen. Charles Bird,
    U. S. Army; Col. William Cary Sanger, Judge Lambert Tree.

At this meeting the following members of the board of incorporators and
delegates from branch societies were present:

    _Incorporators._—Miss Mabel T. Boardman, John C. Boyd, Noble C.
    Butler, George B. Davis, John W. Foster, James R. Garfield,
    George Gray, Frederick H. Gillett, Hilary A. Herbert, A. C.
    Kaufman, Charles Hallam Keep, Mrs. John A. Logan, Samuel Mather,
    W. W. Morrow, J. Wilkes O’Neill, Louis A. Pradt, Redfield
    Proctor, William H. Taft, A. W. Terrell, Lambert Tree, William
    K. Van Reypen, Thomas F. Walsh, William T. Wardwell, John M.
    Wilson.

    _Delegates from branch societies._—George Peabody Wetmore and
    John C. Pegram, of Rhode Island; William Cary Sanger and Howard
    Townsend, of New York; Judge and Mrs. W. W. Morrow, of
    California; John B. Henderson, jr., and Gist Blair, of the
    District of Columbia; Miss Katherine P. Loring and Miss Louisa
    P. Loring, of Massachusetts; Mrs. Eugene Hale and Charles E.
    Littlefield, of Maine; William W. Farnam and Robert T.
    Huntington, jr., of Connecticut; Henry Stockbridge and George
    Norbury Mackenzie, of Maryland; Charles Bird and Miss Emily P.
    Bissell, of Delaware; A. C. Kaufman, of South Carolina; Mr. and
    Mrs. T. H. Newberry, of Michigan; Samuel Mather and J. G.
    Schmidlapp, of Ohio; Lambert Tree, of Illinois; Mrs. W. W.
    Gordon and Mrs. Samuel Spencer, of Georgia; Noble C. Butler, of
    Indiana.

The central committee elected as an executive committee the following:
Hon. Robert Bacon; Brig. Gen. Robert M. O’Reilly, Surgeon-General, U. S.
Army; Medical Director John C. Boyd, U. S. Navy; Hon. James C.
McReynolds, James Tanner, Hon. James R. Garfield, Miss Mabel T.
Boardman.

The board of consultation consists of Brig. Gen. Robert M. O’Reilly,
Surgeon-General, U. S. Army; Surgeon-General Presley M. Rixey, U. S.
Navy; Surgeon-General Walter Wyman, U. S. Public Health and
Marine-Hospital Service.

The president of the corporation appointed the following as a finance
committee: C. C. Glover, president, the Riggs National Bank; Arthur T.
Brice, cashier, the Riggs National Bank; Charles J. Bell, president, the
American Security and Trust Company.

The American National Red Cross was reported to the Surgeon-General of
the Army the enrollment of 30 doctors and 50 trained nurses, as follows:

Connecticut branch, 1 doctor; District of Columbia branch, 1 doctor and
18 trained nurses; New York branch, 11 trained nurses; Rhode Island
branch, 28 doctors and 21 trained nurses.

As required by the charter of the corporation, there is transmitted
herewith as a part of this report a full, complete, and itemized
statement of the receipts and expenditures of the corporation, which
account has been audited by the War Department, as shown by the copy of
letter appended to said account.

It is also deemed advisable to include in this report a supplementary
statement of the receipts of the society for the period subsequent to
the date of the audited account.

     Respectfully,

                    C. L. MAGEE,

                         _Secretary_.

THE SECRETARY OF WAR.


                                -------


  _Report of the treasurer of the American National Red Gross for the
                 fiscal year ending November 30, 1905._

                             GENERAL FUND.

                                  DR.

           To amount received from W. J. Flather,    $291.89
             treasurer of former corporation

           To annual membership dues, District of       5.00
             Columbia branch

           To annual membership dues, Connecticut      23.50
             branch

           To annual membership dues, New York         74.50
             branch

           To annual membership dues, Indiana          38.50
             branch

           To Mrs. Whitelaw Reid, donation            100.00

           To proceeds of sale of old typewriters       8.00

           To Baker & Briggs, trustees of real        450.00
             estate

           To Cogan Bros. & Forschner, account real 3,612.00
             estate

           To Miss Mabel T. Boardman, balance left     60.06
             from investigating American National
             Red Cross

                                                        ────

                                                    4,663.45

           To balance in the Riggs National Bank    1,761.10


                             GENERAL FUND.

                                  CR.


           By the Riggs National Bank, interest on     $9.38
             note

           By office supplies                         138.61

           By office rent, 9 months, at $20 per       180.00
             month

           By Wolf & Cohen, legal expenses              7.60

           By printing                                193.95

           By secretary’s salary, 9 months, at $100   900.00
             per month

           By assistant treasurer’s salary, 9         187.50
             months, at $250 per year

           By the Riggs National Bank, payment on     250.00
             note

           By interest on above note                   14.06

           By the Riggs National Bank, payment on   1,000.00
             note

           By interest on above note                   11.25

           By legal expenses in connection with        10.00
             suit of Hugh Ross

           By balance in the Riggs National Bank    1,761.10

                                                        ────

                                                    4,663.45


                            ENDOWMENT FUND.

                                  DR.


          To 54 life membership dues, District of   $1,350.00
            Columbia branch

          To 100 life membership dues, New York      2,500.00
            branch

          To 3 life membership dues, miscellaneous      75.00

          To 1 life membership dues, Maine branch       25.00

          To 5 life membership dues, Illinois          125.00
            branch

          To 3 life membership dues, Michigan           75.00
            branch

          To 16 life membership dues, Connecticut      400.00
            branch

          To 1 life membership dues, Indiana            25.00
            branch

                                                         ────

                                                     4,575.00

          To balance in American Security and        4,575.00
            Trust Company


                            ENDOWMENT FUND.

                                  CR.

          By balance in American Security and       $4,575.00
            Trust Company

                                                         ────

                                                     4,575.00


                                                         WAR DEPARTMENT,
                                         _Washington, December 4, 1905_.

SIR: I have the honor to return herewith the annual report of the
treasurer of the American National Red Cross for the fiscal year ended
November 30, 1905, the same having been audited by the War Department,
as required by the act of Congress approved January 5, 1905.

     Very respectfully,

                    WM. H. TAFT,

                         _Secretary of War_.

MR. HENRY H. FEATHER,

  _Assistant Treasurer American National Red Cross, Washington, D. C._


                                -------


  _Supplementary statement showing the receipts of the American National
 Red Cross for the period subsequent to the date of the audited account._


                             GENERAL FUND.

                                  DR.

           To annual membership dues, California      $59.50
           branch

           To annual membership dues, Georgia          50.00
           branch

           To annual membership dues, Rhode Island     43.32
           branch

           To Cogan Bros. & Forschner, account real   500.00
           estate

                                                        ────

                                                      652.82


                            ENDOWMENT FUND.

                                  DR.

          To 80 life membership dues, Rhode Island  $2,000.00
          branch

          To 10 life membership dues, California       250.00
          branch

          To 31 life membership dues, Connecticut      775.00
          branch

          To 24 life membership dues, Ohio branch      600.00

          To 1 life membership dues, Georgia            25.00
          branch

                                                         ────

                                                     3,650.00

NOTE.—These items will be included in the regular report of the
treasurer for the fiscal year ending November 30, 1906, to be audited by
the War Department.


------------------------------------------------------------------------




     Application for Membership in the American National Red Cross.


   I apply to be enrolled as a (Life/Annual)member of the
........................

Branch of the American National Red Cross.

                    Name................................................

                    Address.............................................

    Life membership dues, $25.00.
    Annual membership dues, 1.00.
    (Erase whichever membership is not desired.)

To the Secretary of the..................................Branch

                    The American National Red Cross.

                    ....................................................

                    ....................................................


------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Application for Membership in the American National Red Cross.


   I apply to be enrolled as a (Life/Annual)member of the
........................

Branch of the American National Red Cross.

                    Name................................................

                    Address.............................................

    Life membership dues, $25.00.
    Annual membership dues, 1.00.
    (Erase whichever membership is not desired.)

To the Secretary of the..................................Branch

                    The American National Red Cross.

                    ....................................................

                    ....................................................


------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Application for Membership in the American National Red Cross.


   I apply to be enrolled as a (Life/Annual)member of the
........................

Branch of the American National Red Cross.

                    Name................................................

                    Address.............................................

    Life membership dues, $25.00.
    Annual membership dues, 1.00.
    (Erase whichever membership is not desired.)

To the Secretary of the..................................Branch

                    The American National Red Cross.

                    ....................................................

                    ....................................................


------------------------------------------------------------------------




                            FORM OF BEQUEST.


A will in the form following may be used to bequeath money for the
purposes of this corporation. It would be well to have the same signed
by _three witnesses_ in the presence of the testator and of each other.

All legacies, not otherwise specified, go into the Red Cross Endowment
Fund, the interest of which is applied to the Emergency Fund.


I, A. B., of .....................................................
(testator’s domicil), hereby make and publish the following as my last
will and testament:

I give and bequeath to the American National Red Cross, a corporation in
the District of Columbia, created by Act of Congress of the United
States of America, its successors and assigns, the sum of


                         Dollars.

               (A. B.)..................................................

Signed, sealed, published and declared by the above named A. B. as and
for his last will and testament, in the presence of us, who have
hereunto subscribed our names at his request as witnesses thereto, in
the presence of the said testator and of each other.




------------------------------------------------------------------------




 ● Transcriber’s Notes:
    ○ Missing or obscured punctuation was silently corrected.
    ○ Typographical errors were silently corrected.
    ○ Inconsistent spelling and hyphenation were made consistent only
      when a predominant form was found in this book.
    ○ Text that:
      was in italics is enclosed by underscores (_italics_);
      was in bold by is enclosed by “equal” signs (=bold=)
      had extra character spacing by “plus” signs (+stretched+).



*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE AMERICAN NATIONAL RED CROSS
BULLETIN, VOL. I, NO. 1, JANUARY, 1906 ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
